create	create
create	create [type] name
create	Create is a shell command that either creates a directory or a user data file.
create	Accessing subdirectories by using the following syntax create [D | U]
create	parent_directory/sub_directory
create	Where type is as follows:
create	type     description
create	U        creates a user data file with given name.
create	D        creates a directory with given name.

open	open
open	open [mode: I | O | U] name
open	Open is a Unix shell command that opens a user data file in one of three modes.
open	Associated with each open file is a pointer to the next byte to be read or written.
open	Opening a file for input or update places the pointer at the first byte of the file, while
open	opening a file for output places the pointer at the byte immediately after the last byte of
open	the file.
open	Mode    Description
open	I       Input mode means that only READ and SEEK commands are permitted.
open	O       Indicates output mode which means only a WRITE command is permitted.
open	U       Indicates update mode which allows READ, WRITE, and SEEK commands.

seek	seek
seek	seek [base: -1 | 0 | 1] offset
seek	Sets a file pointer to a given position in a file.
seek	The following table describes the base parameter of the seek command:
seek	base   description
seek	-1     Set the position of the file pointer to the beginning of the file.
seek	 0     Set the position of the file pointer to the current position of the file pointer.
seek	 1     Set the position of the file pointer to the end of the file.
seek	offset is an integer indicating the number of bytes from the ‘base’ that the file pointer should be moved.

read	read
read	read n
read	This function reads n bytes of an open user data file. And advances the file
read	pointer to the next read character in the file. This command may only be used between
read	an OPEN ( in input or update mode) and the corresponding CLOSE command. If
read	possible, ‘n’ bytes of data should be read and displayed. If fewer than ‘n’ bytes remain
read	before the end of file, then those bytes should be read and displayed with a message
read	indicating that the end of file was reached.

write	write
write	write n data
write	This function writes n bytes of data to an open user data file. This
write	command causes the first ‘n’ data bytes from ‘data’ to be written to the file. If fewer than
write	‘n’ bytes are given, then append sufficient blanks to ‘data’ to make ‘n’ bytes. If it is
write	impossible to write ‘n’ bytes (because the disk is full) then an appropriate message should
write	be issued, but the command should be otherwise treated as if the largest possible value of
write	‘n’ was specified.


close	close
close	close
close	This function closes any open files. This command causes the last opened or created file to be closed.

delete	delete
delete	delete name
delete	This command causes the named file or folder to be deleted. Deleting a
delete	folder frees a directory entry while deleting a file frees a directory entry as well as frees
delete	the sectors used by the data referenced by the user data file.


java	java
java	Java application_name
java	This command executes the application software on its own thread.
